New post on adding courses for continuous applications (#949)
DFE-Digital/bat-design-history: app/posts/apply-for-teacher-training/2023-06-14-changing-the-way-candidates-choose-courses.md

![Screenshot of a page called 'Personal statement' this is followed by content explaing to the user what they should write about in their statement and a large text box to write it in.](personal-statement.png)

We then ask the candidate about their interview needs.

![Screenshot of a page called 'Interview needs' where a user can tell training providers about anything they might need for an interview.](interview-needs.png)

Candidates would then be able to add any additional information to their application. We were not sure of the purpose of this question and discussed removing it after testing.

![Screenshot of a page called 'Additional information' where the user is asked if they would like to add anything else to their application.](additional-information.png)

On the final page, candidates can review their course selection. At this point they could choose to submit their application or save it as a draft.

![Screenshot of a page where the user can review and change any information they have already input.](review-course-flow.png)

## What we learnt

>  We tested this flow with users and there were no usability issues as it’s very similar to what we have now. We did find that:

Reviewer: Worth mentioning how many users we tested with, and roughly when?

```suggestion
We tested this flow with XX users in May 2023. There were no usability issues, as it’s very similar to what we have now. We did find that:
```
